#19030 | 22 Meta descriptions for dotnet framework (#19030)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/graphics-multimedia/how-to-animate-a-property-by-using-a-storyboard.md

---
title: "How to: Animate a Property by Using a Storyboard"

> description: Enliven presentations with animations and storyboards for properties in Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Enliven your user interface with animations and storyboards for properties in Windows Presentation Foundation (WPF). 
```
